updating addon docs (#302)
infinum/eightshift-docs: website/forms/addons/premium/intro.md

---
id: intro
title: Intro
---

**Premium plugins:**
* [Computed fields](/forms/addons/premium/computed-fields/intro)

## How to purchase?

> All premium plugins are not publicly available but can be purchased. If you're interested in any premium plugins, please get in touch with our [support email](mailto:support.eightshift-forms@infinum.com) for further instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Premium plugins are not included with Eightshift Forms and have to be purchased separately. For more info, [drop us an e-mail](mailto:support.eightshift-forms@infinum.com).
```
